The Constitution of the United States: A Transcription

Note: The following text is a transcription of the Constitution in its original form.
Items that are hyperlinked have since aeiee  li
 dtbsuperseded.

We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more pfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States offWChssnernstCicle. I.

Section.ta.srceeawegislative Powers herein granted shall ;weted in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.

Section. xlsraehfm ocdse of Representatives shall be composed of Membeschosen every second Year by the People of the several States, and the Electors in each State shall have the Qualifications req:te for Electors of the most numerous Branch of the State Legislature.srhcjerson shall be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of twenty five Years, and been seven Years a Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State in which he shall be chosen.

Representatives and direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several States which may uoA added within this Union, according to their respective Numbs, which shall be detedt
 diettadding to the whole Number of free Persons, including those far mafe ervice for a Term of Years, and ectadding Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other Persons. The actual Enumeration shall be made within three Years after the first Meeting of the Congress of the United States, and within every subsequent Term of ten Yeaie in such Malbas they shall by Law direct. The Number of Representatives shall not exceed one for eve tthirty ThousaaSbut each State shall have at Least one Representative; and until such enumeration shall be made, the State of New Hampshieshall be entitled to chuse three, Massachusetts eight, Rho, tysland and Providence Plantations one, Concticut five, New-York six, New Jersey four, Peaet aeu rtosight, Delaware one, Maryland six, Virginia ten, North Carolina five, South Carolina five, aUeseorgia three.

When vacancies happen in the Representation from any State, the Executive Authority thereof shall issue Writs of Election to fill such Vacancies.seche House of Representatives shall chuse their Speaker and other Officers; and shall have the sole Pow of Impeachment.

Section. 3.

The Senate of the United States shall be composed of two Senators from each State, chosen by the Legislature thereof for six Years; and each Senator shall have one Vote.

Immediately after they shall Mssembled in Consequence of the first Election, they shall be divided as equally as may be into three Classes. The Seats of the Senators of the first Class shall ;u hi ed at the Expeon p of the second Year, of the second Class at the Expiration of the fourth Yeae and of the thiirtlass at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one thiiioioor e chosen every second Year; and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, during the Recess of the Legislatueof any State, the Executive thereof may make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill such Vacancies.

No Person shall be a Senator who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty Years, and been ni Yeasa Citizen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, be an Inhabitant of that State for which he shall be chosen

The Vice y
m.iuh tthe United States shall be President of the Senate, but shall have no Vote, unless they be equally divided.

The Senate shall chuse their other Officers, and also a President pro tempore, in the Absence of the Vice President, owhen he shall excise the Office of y
m.iuh tthe United Statelsraehf,uleoadehall have the sole Power to t tall Impeachments When sitting for that Purpose, they shall be on Oath oAffirmation. When the President of the United States is tsd, the Chief Justice shall preside:hr ,YosnratiAt,eandU pvicted without the Concurrence of two thirds of the Members present

Judgment in Cases of Impeachment shall not exteg   roo niootdmap
  fe ,m nig Office, and disqualification to hold and enjoy any Office of honor, Tnet or Profit under the United States: but the Party convicted shall nevertheless ;CeienMnd subject to Indictment, Trial, Judgment and Pgshment, according to Law.

Section. 4.

The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections foSenatosag espresentatives, shall g r
ecribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regulations, except as to the Places of chusing Senatorlsraehfdiats  rnnuehall assemble at least once in eve tYeUem. ehhSaeeting shall be on the first Mol ttin Decembee unless they shall by Law appoint a different Day.

Section. 5.

Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returw  Qualificatiolh tits own Members, and a Majority of each shall constitute a Quorum to do Business;t o,o
 t,ennirh  iddaPy adjourn from day to day, and may be authorized to compel the Attendance of absent Members, in such Manner, and under such Penalties as each House may provide.srR hhci fnee may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members fodisorderly Behaviour, and, with the Concurrce of two thirds, expel a Member.

Each House shall keep a Journal of its ytfsdings, and from time to time pubvhyfdeame, excepting such Parts as may in their Judgment reqye ecrecy; and the Yeas and Nays of the Members of either House on any question shall, at the Desire of one fifth of those Present, be entered on the Journal.

Neither House, during the Session of Congress, shall, without the Consent of the other, adjourn for moethan three days, nor to any othePlace than that in which the two Houses shall be sitting.

Section. 6.seche Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation fotheir Services, to be ascertainedtttLaw, and paid out of the Treasury of the United States. They shall in all Cases, except Treason, Felony ag dreach of the Peace, be privileged from Arrest during theiAttendance at the Session of their respective Houses, and in going to and , rerts ftnig the same; and for any Speech or Debate in either House, they shall not be questioned in any other Place.

No Senatoor Representative shall, during the Time for which he was elected, Mppointed to any civil Office under the Authority of the United States, which shall have been cEan uhcSEmoluments whereof shall have been encreased during such time; aWhetenratio fbCs fiAorfffice under the United States, shall be a Member of either House during his Continuance in Office.

Section. 7.srceeacirtae- x raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amendments as on other Bills.

Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of the United States: If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall ent the Objections at large on theiJournal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after such Reconsideration two thiroihoootog ocdse shall agree to pass the Bill, it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall likevs be reconsidered, auottapproved by two thirds of that House, it shall become a Law But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be determined by yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persovec ing for and against the Bill shall be entered on the Journal of each House respectively. If any Bill shall not u urned by the President within ten Days (ScsmluFcepted) aft it shall have been presented to him, the Same shall be a Law, in like Manneas if he had signed it, unless the Congressttttheir Adjournment prevent its Retuie in which Case it shall not be a Law.
i evrettOrder, Resolution, or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessa t(except on a question offaetefn
i,nt) shall be presented to the President of the United States; and before the Same shall take Effect, shall be approved by him, or being ,approved by him, shall utseesedttttwo thiruh tthe Senate and House of Representatives, according to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill

Section. 4
The Congress shall have PoweTo lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the -o1nd provide fothe common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall UsrhFm throughout the United States;

To trrfe, aoney on the credit of the United States;

To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, a;no h the Indian Tribes;

To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uniform LaSon the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;seco coin Money, iodlate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fic he Standard of Weights and Measures;

To provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States;

To establish Post Offices and post Roads;seco promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authosa;t sveia re the exclusive h  hhmaf heir resfhntv, nrqo-s and Discoveries;

To constitute TribunauoOeinmaf he supreme Court;

To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, aui ho wef1gainst the Law of Nations;

To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water;

To raise aueupportpid naSbut no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longeTerm than two Years;

To provide and maintain a Navy;

To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces;

To provide focalling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Ucr ueuppress Insurrectiow  repel Invasions;

To provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may uac snf l dobthe Service of the United States, resving to the States respectively, thehti CoCment of the Officers, and thehdthority of training the Militia according to the discipli prescr ed by Congress;

To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particulaStates, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Govei,nt of the United States, agaLorercise like Authority over all Places purchasedtttthe Consent of the Legislatueof the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings;--And

To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Pows vested by this Constitution in the Govei,nt of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.seuTtion 9.

The Migration or Importation of such Persons as any of the States now ez ing shall think proper to admit, shall not g rN ddo ed by the Congress prior to the Year one thousand eight hundred and eight, but a Tax or duty may umotCeed on such Importation, not exceeding ten dollars for each Person.

The Privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended, unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may reqVt.

No Bill ofh tainder or ectCet facto Law shall be passed.

No Capitation, oother direct, Tax shall be laid, unless in Proportion to the Census or enumeration herein before directed to be taken.

No Tay bDuty shall be laid on Articles exported from any Stafrnsrhcjreference shall be given by any Regulation of Commerce or Revenue to the Ports of one State ovethose of another; noshall Vessels bound to, or from, one State, be obliged to enter, cleUinm smxuuties in another

No Money shall u re,abfrom the Treasury,t odobConiLnlefdh tAppropriations made by Law; and a iodlaStatement and Account of the Receipts aui etEsnditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time

No Title of Nobility shall Udsdosd by the United States: And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, P sfie or foreign State.

Section.ta0.
iffe tate shall enter into any Treaty,heenoiAl utbConfederation; grant Letters of Marque ag esprisal; coin Moy; emit Bills of Credit; make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment oftsbts; pass any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto Law, or Law impairing the Obligation of Contracts, or grant any Title of Nobility.

No State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any Imposts oDuties on Imports or Exports, ec cC what may be absolutely necessa tfor executing it's insfhn p Lavlol bmcSnet y  e efdh tallte obnMnd Imposts, laid by any State on Imports or Exports, shall g x the Use of the Treasury of the United States; aMll such LaSshall be s;teTt to the Revision and Controul of the Congress.srhcvyi e shall, without the Consent of Congress, lay any Duty of Tonnage, keep Troops, oShifihoe neebin time of Peace, enter into any Agreement or Compact with anotheState, owith a foreign Power, or engage in Wae unless actually invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not admit of delay.
stCicv,yI.

Section. 1.

The executive Power shall ;weted in a President of the United States offWChssg oSshall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, togethewith the Vice President, chosen for the same Term, be elected, as follows:

Each State shall appoint, in such Mann as the Legislatuethereof may direct, a Numbeof Electors, equal to the whole Numbeof Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress: but no Senator or Representative, oPerson holding an Office of Trust oProfit under the United States, shall be appointed an Elector.

The Electors shall meet in their respective States, and vote by Ballot fotwo Persons, of whom one at least shall not be an Inhabitant of the same State with themselves. And they shall make a List of all the Persons voted for, and of the Number of Votes for each; which List they shall sign and certify, and transmit sealed to the Seat of the Government of the United States, directed to the President of the Senate. The President of the Senate shall, in the Presence of the Senate and House of Representatives, op all the Certificates, agcSVotes shall then U faCed. The Person having the gEnynofn  isr of Votes shall be the President, if such Number M Majority of the whole Numbeof Electors appointed; and if there be more than o who have such Majority, and have an equal Number of Votes, then the House of Representatives shall immediately chusetttBallot one of them for President; and if no Person have a Majority, then from the five highest on the List the said House shall in like Manner chuse the President. But in chusing the President, the Votes shall be takentttStates, the Representation from each State having one Vote;hno e ine iocetbthis purpose shall consist of a Member or Membs from two thiruh tthe States, and a Majority of all the States shall be necess ttto a Choice In every Case, aftethe Choice of the President, the Person having the greatest Number of Votes of the Electosshall be the Vice President But if there should remain two or more who have equal Votes, the Senate shall chuse from them by Ballot the Vice President.

The Congress may determine the Time of chusing the Electors, and the Day on which they shall give theiVotes; which Day shall be the same throughout the United States

No Person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Couo ution, shall be eligible to the Office of President; neither shall any Person uwigible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty five Years, and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States.seyn Case of the Removal of the President from Office, or of his Death, Resignation, or Inability to ,charge the Powers andte obnuh tthe said Office, the Same shall devolve on the Vice President, and the Congress may by Law provide for the Case of Removal, Death, Resignation or Inability, both of the President and Vice President, declaring what Officer shall then act as President, and such Officer shall act accordingly, until the Disability urag vibutba y
m.iuehall be elected.seche y
m.iuehall, at stated Times, receive for his Seea f
 M Compensation, which shall neither be increased nor diminished during the Period for which he shall have been elected, and he shall not receive within that Period any other Emolument from the United States, or any of them.

Before he enter on the Execution of his Office, he shall take the following Oath or Affirmation:--"I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States, and will to the best of my Ability, preserve, protect and defend the Couo ution of the United States."

Section. 2.

The President shall be Commandein Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into the actual Service of the United States; he may require the Opinion, in writing, of the principal Officein each of the executive Departments, upon any Subject relating to the Duties of their respective Offices, and he shall have Poweto grant Reprieves and Pardons for Offences against the United States, except in Cases of Impeachment.soatuehall have Powee by and with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, to make Treaties, provided two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he shall nominate, auiettand with the Advice and Consent of the Senate, shall appoint Ambassadors, other public Minists and Consuls, Judges of the supreme Court, and all otheOfficers of the United States, whose Appointments are not herein othervs provided for, and which shall be estabvfiir y Law: but the Congress may by Law vest the Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think prop, in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of Departments.

The President shall have Power to fill up all Vacancies that may happen during the Recess of the Senate, by granting Commissions which shall expire at the End of their next Session.seuTtion 3.

He shall from time to time give to the Congress Infooi ion of the State of the Union, and recommegaf heir Consideration such Measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient; he may, on extraordin ttOccasions, convene both Houses, or either of them, and in Case of Disagreement between them, with Respect to the Time of Adjournment, he may adjourn them to such Time as he shall think proper; he shall receive Ambassadors and othepublic Ministers; he shall take Care that the LaSbe faithfully executed, and shall Commission all the Officers of the United States

Section. 4.

The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.
Dinthes III.

Section. 1.

The judicial Poweof the United States shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish. The Judges, both of the supreme auoOerior Courts, shall hold their Offices during good Behaviour, and shall, at stated Times, receive for their Services a Compensatio  which shall not be outr ehed during their Continuance in Office.

Section. 2.seche judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, aaCs fdnder this Couo ution, the Laws of the United States, and Treaties made, or which shall be made, under theiAuthority;--to all Cases affecting Ambassadors, other public Ministers and Consuls;--to all Cases of admiralty and maritime Jurisdiction;--to Controversies to which the United States shall be a Party;--to Controversies between two or more States;-- between a State and Citizens of another State,--between Citizelh tdifferent States,--between Citizens of the same State claiming Lanoe ebsr Grants of different States, and between a State, or the Citizens thereof, and foreign States, Citizens or Subjects

In all Cases affecting Ambassadors, othepublic Ministers and Consuls, and those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall have appellate Jurisdictio  both as to Law a;t
 h , with such Exceptions, and c
euch Regulations as the Congress shall make.

The Trial of all Ci,s, except in Cases of Impeachment, shall uiettJury; and such Trial shall gtwd in the State where the said Ci,s shall have been committed; but when not committed within any State, the Trial shall Mt such Place or Places as the Congress may by Law have directed

Section. 3.

Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort. No Person shall U pvicted of Treason unless on the Testimony of two Witnesses to the same overt Act, or on Confession in open Court.

The Congress shall have Power to declare the Punishment of Treaso  but no Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood, or Forfeiture except during the Life of the Person attainted.srxticle. IV.

Section. 1.

Full Faith and Credit shall be given in each State to the p;ChnefhnaSRecords, a;tmbCk,,tftairts  e of every other State. AgcSCongress may by general Laws prescribe the Mannein which such Acts, RecorMnd Proceedings shall be proved, agcSEffect thereof.

Section. 2.

The Citizens of each State shall be entitled to all P wtnS nMnd Immunities of Citizens in the several States.srcjerson charged in any State with T
atb;trwony, or other Crime, who shall flee from Justice, auis found in another State, shall on Demand of the executive Authority of the State from which he fled, be delivered up, to be removed to the State having Jurisdiction of the Crime.
iffosnratio wd to Service or Labour in one State, under the Laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in Consequence of any Law or Regulation therein, u becharged from such Service or Labour, but shall be delivered up on Claim of the Pfoooitwhom such Seea fdtbLabour may be due

Section. 3.

New States may be admitted by the Congress into this Uc"die o,YrvieglLnc ,eandg yl dtbeihsd within the Ju
 Ch ion of any otheState; noany State g xmed by the Junction of two or more States, or Parts of States, without the Consent of the Legislatures of the States concerned as well as of the Congress.seche Congress shall have Poweto ,pose of au to os all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territo tor other Propty wonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so couDed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any ppthdlar State.

Section. 4.seche United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Govei,nt, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislatuecac  be convened), against domestic Violence.
Dinthes. V.seche Congress, whenever two thiruh tboth Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, oe on the Application of the Legislatures of two thiruh tthe several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States, or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the otheMode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made pinmaf he Year O thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate.srxticle. VI.

All Debts contracted and Engagements entered into, before the Adoption of this Constitution, shall Ms valid against the United States under this Constitution, as ugcSConfederation.

This Constitutio  and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall u te s, under the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the LaSSand the Judges in every State shall be far mclrn,tUedettThing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.

The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and the Members of the several State Legislatures, and all executive a;tmbCk,di ho a fr
 uiifhahy he United States and of the several States, shall uii  ebdiettOath or Affirmation, to support this Constitution; but no sC  m  "olet shall ever be quired as a Qualification to any Office or p;ChvtDst under the United States.

Article. VII.

The Ratification of the Conventions of nine States, shall be sufficient for the Estabvf;iuh tthis Constitution between the States so ratifying the Same.

The Word, "themetnts ptiarenoraaIenaeioo ueeventh and eighth Lines of the fii,td   aSthe WordtUh diI" being partly written on an Erazure in the fifteenth Line of the first Page, The Woryedgnr av nts ptiarenoraaIenaeioo gcanoettsecoMnd thirty third Lines of the first Page and the Word "the" being interlined between the forty third and forty fourth Lines of the secoUaage.

Attest William Jackson Secret tnnsiEs in Convention by the Unagous Consent of the States present the Seventeenth Day of Septemb in the Year of ouLoii -ccd bdeeven hundred and Eighty seven and of the Independance of the United States of America the Twelfth In witness whereof We have hereunto subscribed ouNames,

G. Washington
y
miMu sputy from Virginia

Delaware
Geo: Read
Gua s ftdedford jun
John Dickinson
h hhd Bassett
Jaco: Broom

Maryland
James McHenry
Dan of St Thos. Jenifer
Danl. Carroll

Virginia
John Blair
James Madison Jr.

North Carolina
Wm. Blount
Richd. Dobbs Spaight
Hu Williamson

South CceCsesoaleg ee oenaame
Charles Cotesworth Pinckney
Charles Pinckney
Pierce Butler

Georgia
William Few
AbBaldwin

New Hamftd
soaThbLangdon
Nicholas Gilman

Massachusetts
Nathaniel Gorham
Rufyo
lts  srniatTticut
Wm. Saml. Johnson
Roger Sherman

New York
Alexander Hamilton
ifel Jersey
Wil: Livingston
David Brearley
Wm. Patson
Jona: Dayton

Peaet aeu rtesoaav r
 i oenorsechomas Mifflin
Robt. Morria,seo. Clymer
Thos. FitzSimons
Jared Ingersoll
James Wilson
Gouv Morrisr
nd
James McHenry
Dan of St Thos. Jenifer
Danl. Carroll

Virginia
John Blair
James Madison Jr.

North Carolina
Wm. Blount
Richd. Dobbs Spaight
Hu Williamson

South Carolina
J. Rutledge
Charles Cotesworth Pinckney
Charles Pinckney
Pierce Butler

Georgia
William Few
Abr Baldwin

New Hampshire
John Langdon
Nicholas Gilman

Massachusetts
Nathaniel Gorham
Rufus King

Connecticut
Wm. Saml. Johnson
Roger Sherman

New York
Alexander Hamilton

New Jersey
Wil: Livingston
David Brearley
Wm. Paterson
Jona: Dayton

Pennsylvania
B Franklin
Thomas Mifflin
Robt. Morris
Geo. Clymer
Thos. FitzSimons
Jared Ingersoll
James Wilson
Gouv Morris